openai-examples/README.md, before:

# openai examples

List of example openai python programs

## Software used by examples

### Weights and Biases

A a tool for experiment tracking, visualization, and collaboration for machine
learning projects.

### Pinecone

Pinecone is a vector database designed specifically for building and scaling
machine learning applications that require efficient and accurate vector search
capabilities.

### Weaviate

Weaviate is an open-source vector search engine that enables scalable and efficient searching of high-dimensional data.

### Qdrant

Qdrant is an open-source vector search engine optimized for storing and searching high-dimensional vector data efficiently.

## Examples list as a csv file

The examples-list.csv is a file using the pipe '|' character as a separator with no header.

Create the file from the [examples][200] page.

[200]: https://cookbook.openai.com/

Run the ./process_openai_examples.py file to create a list of tags from the ./openai-examples-list.csv file

### Unit test writing

1. Use openai to write unit tests

```
make unit-test-writing
```

### Embeddings for long text

1. Use chunking to get embeddings for long texts

```
make embedding-long-texts
```

## Other libraries

### Spacy

[spaCy][900] is a high-performance, open-source Python library for Natural Language Processing (NLP). It offers pre-trained models in multiple languages and supports tasks like tokenization, tagging, entity recognition, and parsing.

[900]: https://github.com/explosion/spaCy

### TextBlob

[TextBlob][910] is a Python library for processing textual data. It supports common natural language processing (NLP) tasks such as part-of-speech tagging, noun phrase extraction, sentiment analysis, classification, translation, and more.

[910]: https://github.com/sloria/TextBlob

Commit message:

add doc on Python libraries

openai-examples/README.md, after:

# openai examples

List of example openai python programs

## Software used by examples

### Weights and Biases

A a tool for experiment tracking, visualization, and collaboration for machine
learning projects.

### Pinecone

Pinecone is a vector database designed specifically for building and scaling
machine learning applications that require efficient and accurate vector search
capabilities.

### Weaviate

Weaviate is an open-source vector search engine that enables scalable and efficient searching of high-dimensional data.

### Qdrant

Qdrant is an open-source vector search engine optimized for storing and searching high-dimensional vector data efficiently.

### textract

[textract ][100] is a Python library designed to simplify the process of extracting text from various file formats. It acts as a wrapper around several Python libraries and can extract from document formats like PDF, DOC, DOCX, PPTX, HTML, and even image files like PNG, JPG and audio formats like WAV and MP3.

[100]: https://github.com/deanmalmgren/textract

## Examples list as a csv file

The examples-list.csv is a file using the pipe '|' character as a separator with no header.

Create the file from the [examples][200] page.

[200]: https://cookbook.openai.com/

Run the ./process_openai_examples.py file to create a list of tags from the ./openai-examples-list.csv file

### Unit test writing

1. Use openai to write unit tests

```
make unit-test-writing
```

### Embeddings for long text

1. Use chunking to get embeddings for long texts

```
make embedding-long-texts
```

### Long document content extraction

```
make long-content-extraction
```

## Other libraries

### Spacy

[spaCy][900] is a high-performance, open-source Python library for Natural Language Processing (NLP). It offers pre-trained models in multiple languages and supports tasks like tokenization, tagging, entity recognition, and parsing.

[900]: https://github.com/explosion/spaCy

### TextBlob

[TextBlob][910] is a Python library for processing textual data. It supports
common natural language processing (NLP) tasks such as part-of-speech tagging,
noun phrase extraction, sentiment analysis, classification, translation, and
more.

[910]: https://github.com/sloria/TextBlob
